get going with a round of introductions
i' I'd love to hear you know your name
where you're coming from and um tell us
maybe briefly about the projects that
you've been working on in this container
um so we'll start with federo over on
the end over there hello and can you
hello hello can you hear me yeah
cool uh thank you Rafael um my name is
federo Perez vioro I'm an artist a
researcher and a writer uh from
guadalahara Mexico I'm based in Mexico
City that's where I flew from um I'm
excited to be sharing uh this space with
all of you and to to learn uh from your
processes so far we just met uh across
our screen so it's really nice uh to be
uh in this stage uh in this room with
all of you uh I've been working um on a
prototype um it's a computational model
that we're designing
to aim to anticipate or to forecast the
future geomorphology of the Rio Grande
or Rio Bravo H which as you probably
know it's the river that demarcates uh
more or less half of the border between
Mexico and the US um and what we've been
trying to do exploring the possibility
itself of of uh modeling simulating
interactions between water and land
across different locations within the
river uh and this is I mean you probably
know this I didn't know it as clearly uh
before I started working on this project
how dramatically uh Rivers move H how
much the Rio Grand the Rio Bravo have
moved uh how its geometry is quite
Dynamic and does the the Border itself
also transforms right over times and H
so we're basically
producing um spaces
representational uh uh environments um
for the river to think with the River
about its transformative nature and does
the possibility for the
Border as something that also moves
right and and I mean I'll I'll leave it
there for now but that's that's the the
work uh we're doing uh as part of the
sea change program great thank
you hi everyone can you hear
me okay um my name is zon zon Lee and
I'm from Taiwan um basis um from Tai
Taiwan taipe and our project um it's
called offline wikii our team is called
offline wikii and we have two other
teammates uh one zaa from Philippine who
is the owner of a uh radical bookstore
network uh another it's or who's from
Israel um and now based in uh us and
because we uh and me I'm an artist a
political artist and curator
uh and because like three of us having
like very different background uh facing
politics and facing different kind of
Internet censorship so we decided to um
develop this offline weeky platform
which is Distributing activism
information uh within an offline Network
and this network is based on different
uh safe spots in different uh Global uh
in different places in the globe yes so
I'll will leave it here and then pass it
to
Asma hi can you I think I think I'm I'm
projecting fine um so my name is Asma
kazmi and um I am a local Bay Area
artist um I'm also a professor at UC
Berkeley and I'm representing uh two
other artists uh who are part of my
collabor ation um it's um the artist
Jill Miller and Kathy Wang and we're
working on a project uh which was
supported by the gray area and The
gerter Institute that were really
grateful for it's called The Missing
objects
library and uh the project sort of
emerged in um or the idea for the
project um came when we were teaching um
Jill and I were teaching a class at UC
Berkeley where we were noticing that a
lot of our students were using 3D models
that they had um bought from
commercial uh 3D model uh databases and
we realized that um these were pretty
biased spaces with a lot of gaps and
erasers um and um we wanted to comment
on that and we wanted to create
something that um addressed that so the
idea for the missing objects Library
came uh together and so it's a web-based
platform which um is not in competition
with um turbo squid or any of these
other platforms that um you may know of
but we're we're sort of functioning as
um a pedagogical platform which is
interested in pointing to gaps and
erasers and uh our website will
um uh is sort of inspired by the 17th
century curio cabinet um so we're we're
taking the form of the Curiosity cabinet
but we're subverting it um you know as
some of you may know the curio cabinet
um represented a space where things that
were mismatched um um you know under
sort of a colonial framework were
brought together as exotic wondrous
objects without a lot of context um our
curio cabinet um functions differently
um we're interested in specificity we're
interested in um historicizing our
objects so we're working with um experts
historians um but most importantly we're
working with our students graduate
students at UC Berkeley um who are
identifying gaps um in these commercial
web websites based on you know their own
personal experience and then they're
curating um their own cabinets uh for
the missing objects library and these
are going to be models that will be free
um
downloadable um that any user will be
able to acquire so that's a little bit
about the project
um hi um a great M
hello hi hello
good sorry about that um my name is
theor Rose I'm ghanian but um I live in
Cleveland Ohio um I'm a first year PhD
student at Ken State University and I'm
here on behalf of digital
grassroot um the digital grassroot
organization is a feminist organization
based in Africa and of course I'm ghian
so I'm African um
so I'm here on um our main project
called the Monopoly game which was
developed offline and um we are
currently moving it online through this
program um the Monopoly game was
developed with um the idea to kind of
solve the issue of exclusion and online
based violence um I'm a train journalist
have practiced journalism for a while
third in journalism institution and
currently researching on um journalism
and how online platforms how journalists
could have virtual online Studios and
all of that and throughout my
professional life and research life I've
come across different online bullying um
I've experienced um a misrepresentation
of the African culture as well and um in
terms of languages and um in terms of
challenges trying to explain what Africa
is to um non-africans and try try to
explain the fact that African is not a
country it's a continent with different
countries in there with specific culture
as well and um so we came up with the
Monopoly game um which went through a
series of um um Community dialogue the
game started 5 years ago um as an
offline game um built with young women
um that are not been paid but just
enthusiastic about telling our story and
um trying to kind of
express ourselves in the online space
without necessarily feeling bad about it
and um living a fre a free life sorry um
so the the game was developed offline
throughout and then um from 2019 upwards
we try to kind of move the game offline
to the online space um and uh we kind of
have the idea of just like how you play
the Monopoly game offline um this time
around we are replacing the characters
with digital right um violation issues
that we Face online and then once you
win the game we give you what we call
the digra coin um for probably solving a
challenge that um um that you encounter
and we also develop personal based on um
issues that are faced in different
countries yesterday we did a workshop um
we have 13 different personas of people
from 13 different um countries all over
the world with different Alles so we
have people coming from Africa we have
people coming in as Christian and Muslim
and people who are nonreligious we have
um people who are influencers just
anything that um any normal person in
courtes um would would be and um from
those who were here yesterday you could
experience how real those are and the
whole so the whole idea is that this
game kind of help expose everybody to
the challenges that people are facing in
the world especially in the online world
and um to kind of provide some comfort
and um um solution based approach to
issues as such um so I'll end here and I
guess that we will help much into that
thank
you and hello I'm law man I'm from Hong
Kong um I'm from the project jackon
delusion jackon delusion is uh
originally an animation free project but
then since uh a uh last year we have an
exhibition Cony Waring State cyber Punk
uh we find that uh actually we can tell
story in the many other art medium uh
I'm representing as an artist so I
cannot talk much about on the tech and
uh so maybe I would talk more about the
ideas and what why we are doing this
uh the project Dragon delusion in this
campaign is more about us exploring the
possibility of uh telling stories
because uh we find that uh to tell
stories that people not usually heard is
very important to minority groups for
example uh one of the theme about dragon
instiution is uh Asia
futurism and you know there is some
stereotype impression on Asians that is
always about their history and past and
so uh after we did the show in Asian Art
Museum we got a lot of
uh uh good feedback and feedbacks that
we didn't expect is about oh you guys
talk about Futures then and then we we
find that okay we did something we
didn't expect but as Asian I feel that
is kind of normal and and so so we have
this project we try to explore using uh
technology to um help people to tell
their own stories
um especially uh we have many stories
that Untold or un hurt in this world so
we find that uh the uh digital space or
the internet could be a place to uh do
this and here comes the what we
currently called the uh cyber Punk fly
bows um Fly bows is something that human
being to uh the foundation of human
beings to construct the the morals uh
the religions uh so we think we are in
we're going into a new time that is a
hybrid of um uh digital world combined
with Material World so in this new world
we need some new fly bows and that's how
we start the whole thing thank
you wonderful well thank you all so much
for sharing a bit about yourselves and
about the projects um I figured we would
start with more of the material reality
that we're facing um and each team is
really approaching the Blurred boundary
between physical and digital in
different ways and so I'd love for you
all to comment on how your projects are
approaching this boundary uh
specifically in the context of cultural
exchange and maybe we can start with uh
lee tutong um to talk a little bit more
about your project and how this
manifests
there yeah sure um so in our offline
Weeki especially what we will do in the
um CC chench Festival is um tomorrow we
will conduct a workshop called postt
trauma messages and this a workshop that
will gather um people who are having
experience in um activism or consider
themselves as um survivors to contribute
their stories and then storing this uh
story into a USB and then we will send
this USB to our first radical bookstore
in Philippine uh which is called
quo um so for us it's very um thinking
of like um using USB is very different
from like how we travel and um spreading
information online through internet
often um using online Internet the
spreading it's like very Swift um
activism it's also um a kind of thing
that we are urging to have very quick
reactions but actually when having
activism is also uh a way of healing um
a way of um reclaiming resilience and
agency and the way of healing the
process of healing can be
slow so through the spreading of the USB
um it's a human to human or like through
male process is very slow and it is a
network that we want to encourage human
to human
interactions and to
build um trust through this
interaction um and we want also this
project to um cultivate such things a
travel that is um not only about its
destination but about the situation is
of the travel the process of travel the
process of how this information spreads
to different knowled kns um how kind of
the interaction that would be formed in
different types of knots through this
physical travel um and that is one of
the thing this kind of like time
differences is one of the thing um that
we consider it's very interesting in
terms of virtual and
physical thank you yeah it's really
fascinating to think about something
that maybe starts in this virtual
context and then moves to the physical
and Asma I I like to think of your
group's project the missing objects
Library as really formally approaching
things in in the inverse way right
actually thinking about modeling and
representing physical objects in the
digital world so would love to hear more
about how that that exploration that
kind of navigation between those two
Realms um fits with the way that you see
cultural
exchange yeah thank you for that
question um I think in in our um in this
project particularly but also more
broadly um in my work you know I've been
really thinking about how the virtual
realm um sort of mirrors in the Physical
Realm and and how those overlaps um are
um you know pretty um um non-permanent
especially in how we navigate everyday
life and so um the missing objects
library is is in a way um you know
taking up some of the issues of around
representation um around specific kinds
of um material cultures that are not as
well represented um or as well
contextualized in um our Physical Realm
and and we're taking those issues up in
um the virtual space um and and trying
to create a kind of um democratic system
where um one
could um you know propose um various
kinds of
um um possibilities for um filling in
gaps so for instance one of the um Gap
cabinets we're calling them um is called
carbon War which um is um it represents
the invisible infrastructure of the
internet and the cloud um so if you open
the carbon War cabinet um you'll
encounter um air conditioners and
minerals and metals that are rare that
are extracted from um various locations
around the world you'll also
um encounter Tangled cables and um um
air conditioners I think maybe I already
said that but so you know we're we're
using um we're kind of in a parasitic
way because um the the project is made
visible through um the same
infrastructure that we're showcasing and
critiquing in some ways um but but we're
using the website as a way to show these
things things that um you know perhaps
we might walk on um that are underground
that we're unaware of but are very much
um you know they're they're sort of
relentlessly physical um so yeah I hope
I hope that makes sense it does yeah
thank you um so I want to want to shift
now uh to talking about um the local
context that you all are coming from you
all coming from various parts of the
world um and you know it's inevitable
that the local context and communities
uh that you're part of greatly shaped
the kind of uh projects that you've
manifested and so um I wonder fed maybe
we can start with you can you tell us
maybe more about the the context that
you're coming from and and how it's
translated into your
prototype yes um so as I mentioned I'm
based in Mexico City that's where I
develop my practice from um but
specifically to the uh to the way yeah
to the places from which I am um
developing this project um from um I
mean it's it's a it's a project again on
the um on the Rio Grand Rio Bravo as a
border and the the the the Border in the
Mexican s is Tam lipas H that's are
that's where my uh family from my dad's
side is from it's a place that I know
well um myself and it's also a place uh
that I care a lot about from for and
it's it's it's a it's a contested space
right uh tamas it's on the east right
north side of of Mexico and it's one of
the the main H migration routes uh it's
a place that has been contested uh by
organized crime uh in Mexico H it's
obviously when you speak about organized
crime in Mexico you have to um also
think about organized crime as as the
Mexican state u h that's an important
thing to say because uh because um those
are kind of like the Dynamics of
violence structural violence in Mexico H
so when you think about a border that
moves when you think about a river that
it's instrumentalized weaponized as a
board f um when you think of of of uh
you know like of of that artificial
limit but one that it's again Dynamic
it's important uh when you're coming
from uh the south of the of the river H
to think about it as a place of violence
H in Tam lipas there's hundreds if not
thousands of um of clandestine Mass
Graves that have been found over the
last couple of decades uh
and those Graves have the human remains
of thousands of people mainly migrants
that are coming from Central America and
that they are forceful forcefully
recruited by organized crime ER and and
it's it's it's a place of violence tamas
is an extermination site H so a an
important part of the project is to H
think about the model that we're
developing as an INR strument as a as a
tool h of sorts that can be used by
communities uh of activists and
journalists and people that are seeking
for missing people in in Tam lipas H
because when you start thinking about
you know like the violence of that
border that it's imposed upon the
landscape and imposed upon the
communities that live around the river
um something changes when you start
recognizing that that uh limit uh is
permanently being um moving and also
permanently being uh mapped right and
control over um cartographic
Technologies right
so important claim of our project is
that each Act of measurement each each
uh the possibility of relating to the
border cartographically is also the
desire and uh to impose right control
over that that place
so yes I that's kind of like the the an
important part of the of the context
from which we're developing the model
and a big motivation again is to try and
put the tool that we're developing in
this position to people that are uh uh
leading you know like
um critical urgent uh efforts uh along
the the border on it really touches upon
aspects of you know in inclusivity and
so may maybe if we could ask a quick
followup is to really think about you
know with this shape-shifting border and
and the way that you're describing it um
how are you considering aspects of
inclusivity with you know the particular
activist for example that you're you're
looking to work with um what does that
interplay look like well the river is
not accessible for everyone right like
people are trying to reach and get to
the river through the territory of
Mexico so the river itself as a
territory as a space as a landscape as a
complex living ecosystem is not
accessible to everyone right it's like
reaching the river reaching the border
is already um extremely difficult right
so the possibility of thinking with the
river representing the river I don't
even like saying that because I really
like that H we've come to the
realization that the river escapes the
possibility of representation itself
right because of its complexity so we
cannot really synthetize the river
mathematically and that's also important
for us to recognize but the Prototype
the model the technology is H something
that it's providing space to have a
conversation around the river and a
place for to gather stories um of people
that have you know like ancestral also
relationships with the river and also
urgent relationship to the shifting
border so h i mean we're in the process
right of you know like figuring out the
tool and also its possible future uses
but yes the the the you know like with
my art practice and with the work that I
do I really tend to try and develop um
you know like projects that kind of like
escape the what I understand as the
self-imposed uh uh limits of art making
working only within the symbolic realm
right so I really try and develop
projects that have uh hopefully you know
future uses uh by unexpected uses by
people that that you know like that are
doing much more important work than than
the one that I'm doing right so yeah
again hopefully this would become uh you
know like a a tool to to uh you know
like to collaborate with with uh with
these group of people that that I
mentioned thank you yeah um so when I
think about local to Global and I I just
think about the uh Theo your your
project in particular especially given
aspects of inclusivity I think it's
really embedded in the nature of the
project itself I'd love to hear your
thoughts on on this particular
question um yeah
so um so first of all um in in my
earlier introduction submission I made
mention of of how we developed um
personal for the people we are using for
the project um
we tried um I keep I keep using we
because it's not my work it's a it's a
team work and it's built collaboratively
so I'm going to just use we to represent
the whole team instead of I um but one
of the the the whole idea of the
Monopoly game in terms of culture
inclusion and Global and even the fact
that we are moving offline to the online
world is just based on one thing um to
domestify challenges that we Face online
and to not make it a um a one thing for
example saying that every journalist
would face harassment online or every
female political person who face
harassment online um to us seems unfair
as well um to even say that um Bridging
the the gap between how you live
physically um should be the same online
is what we advocating for as well and so
um we basically worked on this we we
didn't just want to sit at home so I am
leaving in the US uh my other colleague
Esther is in Zambia uh OFA is Nigerian
living in in the UK we have Rashad in
Europe and we have Hana in France so
it's more like even the team itself is
diverse and yet we we still felt that
okay um it's it's easier to say that I
know everything about American America
just because I'm staying here as
compared to a native that is born here
and so we took on a whole um approach by
reaching out to our community we
currently have a fellowship that um is
um so probably in total we've shown
almost like 200 um people who are
supposed to go back to the community to
initiate project um we have a media
literacy project that took ground just
in the first year of training where we
had 800 applications uh about people
just learning
to understand how the community is
diverse and how they can um impact that
in a global sense so we thought is okay
why not like people are really
interested in knowing about other people
and what is happening and instead of um
speaking as an expert on it we are going
to bring the people who live in the
community and have experienced that to
talk about it so we um went ahead have a
community consultation ask people to
talk about the challenges that they are
facing especially in in terms of
Internet um we had issue of
accessibility where um women are not
even allowed to um have access to mobile
phone or the internet um even though
they spend most uh most of their times
at home taking care of the home but the
men have that um we we have issue of
people who are not even able to afford
broadband and internet access um we have
people who are not even able to
understand what it means when somebody
poke you on Facebook for example um I
mean
if you you use a certain language on the
internet how does that feel in your
context if you for example um excuse my
language but if you say oh you look
pretty what does that mean to a black
person and what does that mean to a
Muslim person what does that mean to a
normal person like the word pretty seems
Hess but it mean different things to
different people and I mean um even
giving replying to people's post how do
you know how that person feel I mean
it's it's harmless to say oh my goodness
your your picture is pretty but that
could be offensive so we try as much as
possible to demystify that and to um
tackle on the issue of platform um how
many people can actually afford data to
spend so much time online I mean I
shared my story yesterday until I moved
to the years I didn't know that internet
could move so fast like literally like
you can download one gig of a fou in 5
seconds or 10 minutes or I don't want to
you but that is it like it's so fast
like you could spend little um on
broadband than usual but before it was a
normal thing to to us and again most
people have the whole um data their
personal data all away on the internet
how is that file kept how aware are you
so all these things kind of like form
the basis of the Monopoly game and the
fact that well if we develop it offline
how do we get get it to people that's
the idea it's still going to have the
whole thing of being um circulated to
just a small number of people so we
thought it wise of hosting it on the
internet where indirectly we are kind of
teaching you what the challenges of
Internet censorship is around and I'm
glad that um you spoke about or you
tackle on the issue of censorship where
um within the African contest as well
next year 14 no 44 sorry different
African countries are going into
election and already the female
candidates are facing harassment insult
um as an influencer it's more like you
have no life you're already an
influencer and you're on the internet so
we get to talk bad about you but they do
have life and like I mean off the
internet they cry they go into
depression and all of those things how
do we tackle that issue and how do we
know I mean I have people asking me do
you have electric stove in Africa like
and off top of like the being nice I
like oh no we don't have electric stove
but we do do have like it's just trying
to demystify those little things um that
Beth the whole idea and we are focusing
more on two things culture and um
inclusivity it's really important to
know how even the internet is control in
a particular cultur setting and how that
is different from the global SC it's not
okay to always compare that every
country has the same internet related
issue but it is good to know they exist
and once you know they exist I guess
you'll be um able to relate better with
somebody when somebody says it takes me
like 10 hours to download just u a 3 gig
file and you'll be like oh no I mean I
can do that in 5 minutes they are
different context so um I'm going to
pause here so that I don't take much of
the time and but I hope this help and I
can speak more on that absolutely it's
so it's so richly embedded in your in
your project and your thinking um so I
want to I want to shift over to um talk
more about internal processes you know
so C change has been operating this R&D
lab where you know we have
multidisciplinary teams of artists
designers and technologists um really
producing interactive
prototypes and the program's been
adopting this language that we often see
in big Tech corporations you know this
notion of R&D and development and one of
the things that I like to think about
too with really multi-disciplinary and
interdisiplinary
teams is is Conway's law where the kind
of internal communication structure of a
group of people or an organization end
up directly shaping uh the output and
and the product and so um given that and
given the nature of the composition of
your teams I'd love to hear more about
how you have how the collaboration has
been internally um and how you see that
reflected in the output that you've
produced and so so law man you you
started by saying you know I'm I'm an
artist and I I don't know that I can
really speak about the technology uh but
you're working with technologists and so
I'd love to hear from you about what
that process is like and and how it ends
up shaping the work that you produce uh
thank you uh actually we uh start with
the
wish and we tell them uh how something
uh in our context means something and
then uh and then they will find a way to
uh interpret it into codings and also
some I don't know um AI program and then
uh try to understand what is it and then
try to develop storyline about this
that's a very fundamental starting point
and
um why we doing this is because uh uh
Matt talk back about how this start mhm
yeah yeah yeah um because I grew up in
the 80s and 90s in Hong Kong a place
where we have a lot of Manga comics from
the States from Japan so we learn a lot
about this comic animation language and
um we find that we learn a lot of the
st's culture and the Japan culture from
this stories so I think that's how we
start thinking um how important is that
and how how entertaining is that the
story um Can in a way educate people to
understand to understand is to demystify
a lot of things uh if I directly told
you something about politics about news
it can be boring but if I do it in a
story way then everybody will be happy
and so um and also we we observe that
there's uh uh shifting from the
Generation Um back to the 80s and 90s
the analog era we have a sensation that
the new generation didn't have like the
romance of flipping a page book A book A
book page um when you uh uh date someone
you wait on the exact location and you
cannot text them immediately when they
didn't show up it means something right
um nowadays the kids didn't have that
kind of
sentimental I don't know how to say it
but there something is lossing and I can
see that the coming uh Generations they
will they of course they will develop
something new that we don't understand
but again they will lost something
that's why I think we need to um uh left
them some stories to tell uh uh to tell
some to to to tell them something or to
teach them something in a way and uh
yeah and I don't know uh I think uh some
humidity is going to uh transfer to the
gadgets um one example is that back to
the old time I can remember all my
friends phone number but now I can only
remember like my parents or my wife's
phone number MH so I think something is
going to
to this this kind of gadgets so some
human
things how to say we are be becoming
lazyy as a human we rely on them to
become a human so
um yeah and I think we need to left them
some story in at this moment at this
time and yeah so that's what I told the
the uh technology team tracing and they
are looking for ways to uh translate
these sentimental ideas into stories and
try to use this idea to empower the Next
Generation to tell their story as well
because the tendency of the technology
development is tend to follow the
capital instead of you know the first
generation of uh internet is like trying
to empower the people but now it's the
other way around mhm trust me I'm from
Hong Kong you
know if you want to uh Play TiK ToK you
better prepare that the back door is
going to Bing so these kind of things is
happening so I don't I'm not sure I'm
answering but yeah that's why I want
you've answered in a in a great way that
Segways to the the last question that
I'd love to hear from all of you is
really you know broadening out you know
the the the kind of Promise of the the
early internet was um really to connect
the globe um and um you know we we might
say that we're finding ourselves kind of
drifting further and further apart
um as we maybe get a little bit more
siloed um into various pockets and
fragmented and so um I'd love to hear
from you all in terms of the the kinds
of principles and values um that we
might instill in a kind of renewed
practice of cultural extrange
and how we might you know make a make an
attempt at at creating a dent in how to
reinvigorate uh cultural exchange and
remedy uh some of the the challenges
that we face today um particularly that
are kind of propelled and exacerbated um
by um you know digital Technologies so
Asma I'd love to for you to maybe kick
us off if if you're able to
yeah we um you know I think going back
to the last question too um Rafael I
feel like Jill and I are really coming
to this project from a place where you
know I'm trained as a sculptor um Jill
works as a social practice artist and
we're we're really um coming to this
work um thinking very critically of um
you know not only archives and libraries
but also um um museum display strategies
and um how
um um objects and and
materials um are um extracted and traded
and um and so you know I I I guess going
back to um um the the the question um
sorry could you remind me again um we're
we're talking about the future yeah just
how we see cultural exchange yeah and
what we can do to create more of an in
mesed
interrelatedness yeah I mean you know
we're we're um we're thinking of it in
in in a multiplicity of ways we're uh
working with experts um and students to
do these sort of um deep research based
projects um you know identify objects
that um they feel are um are not present
um
from um from their their own sort of um
um um understanding of how the world is
represented and um you're we're hoping
that this will translate
into um um you know perhaps a museum
practice that um is is is different
where things um are clustered um in a
way that's more context
sensitive um that um is authored by um
by people who um have a stake in in in
the representation of those objects and
I I feel like the um platform of the
website allows us to to do that um and
um yeah so I I think that's some of the
ways that we're thinking of in within
this project great yeah uh Leong I'd
love to hear about um maybe if you can
share some Last Words as we're wrapping
up and getting close to time yeah sure
um so yeah I think like lman also
mentioned a very interesting point that
um we are very attached to different
kind of Technology almost to the point
that we are a new kind of cyborg that
you know like the iPhone it's our
extension of our body and so our team is
also want to think about different way
that we can use the technology and that
can be slow that's why we adopt
USB um and also because um our teammates
is from uh different parts of the world
and for example me from Taiwan and
Taiwan is a place that often um have
suffered from um like Chinese um Cyber
attack and a lot of different um
information
Warfare um so our team is also thinking
about how to develop a invisible tactic
that can bypass this Cyber attack and um
government control and more focusing on
the the building of the community in
different
places uh and also not to like asking
people to be not only ask asking people
to be digitally literate but also making
different kind of accessibility and
exclusive
inclusive um Gathering to make people
really like connect together and use uh
develop their
subjectivities uh with the
Technologies so one of our next step of
our uh project is to um hold different
kind of gathering meetings and in um
Taiwan Philippine and different parts of
the
world um and in this meetings um kind of
like research and in the process of
knowing how people respond and connect
with different kind of Technologies and
how they share um informations and I
think that is also that is one of the
point um of our project and how we
responds to saying that um how could we
have um the cultural exchanges uh within
the project thank you so much I think
that's a wonderful place to wrap thank
you all so much for your projects your
time your
Brilliance let's give them a
[Applause]
hand
that's